So in the last lecture we made sure that we can send a POST request.
Now in a typical application we want to show something to the user once the request is on its way.
Now I will have to add.
Firebase is really really quick.
So we probably won't even have a chance to see a loading screen or something which you want to show
to the user was the request is on its way.
Still it is a good practice to show something like this because in case we have some latency or maybe
the user network is slow.
You definitely want to show the user hey something is happening.
So what do we want to show.
Well I want to show a spinner inside this modem.
So instead of the order summary I want to show a spinner so that the user can see that something is
happening here.
And once you are done the Malda should get closed and the splitter therefore of course will also disappear.
So how do we do that.
First of all we need a Spener component that is clearly a UI element.
So I here I will add a spinner folder and then there as Baynard J as file.
Now the spinner can simply be a simple functional component where I will return some j s accent as always.
Therefore import re-act from react and export the spinner function to your ass to file default of course.
Now to create a SEUS as a spinner.
We can simply take advantage of some resources we can find on the internet.
If you search for C-s as spinner's you're going to find that awesome project here the very first search
result which you can see in the video which is a page with loads of C-s as spinner's and the code for
it which you can simply use.
You can also adjust them here by picking a background color.
And here I'm going to enter a hex coat of white for the background and then a front color of this Nye's
properly or with that you can choose any spinner.
Be this one you're about whichever one you like and then you'll see this is as cold responsible for
it as spinner.
Now I'm going to grab all that code.
You all CDH HTML code which is really simple and cango to grab all that code and then head back to the
re-act application there.
I'll add a spinner's see SS file and paste in the code.
I just copied.
No what I'll do is all quickly rename loader your to loader with a capital L.
Just to be in line with the avaricious fallenness I'm using in this project and then I'm going to grab
that HDMI I'll kill it here on the spinner and I'll use that in my spinner component as X and the class
of course has to be adjusted.
It's a class name and I need to have ordered the classes from Mei's C is as follows.
I'm importing it from spitters C S S and then of that class name equal to classes start loader with
a capital L and that actually is all the loading in between as like a fallback in case the CSSA isn't
displayed.
Then this will be shown.
That actually is all the code I need for a spinner.
Now I only need some logic to show it inside the modal whilst we are loading.
So essentially I conditionally want to render order summary or my spinner.
Now for did I need a new state in my Bergere builder.
Here are eight at a state which will name loading and which is false initially when it is true.
I want to show the splitter when it is false.
I want to show the order summary in this component.
So in the render method.
Now add a check where I say if this state loading then I want to show the splitter and first of all
I'll set up the alternative which is my order summary a year which should simply be that element here
that order summary element.
We have nested in the modal.
I'll store it in this order summary variable up here which I created with the let keyword and override
it in case we have to loading state.
Then here I want to use that new Spener component we just created.
So let's order a spinner then I'll add it here import Spener from.
And now we have to go to the components folder of course to the UI folder and there to the spinner folder
and implored the spinner fall from there and now we can grab that spinner and use it down there in our
render method.
Here I now want to set order summary should be my spinner and this is simply a self-closing tag.
With that we can save does it now we should output the order summary year.
This variable we just created between the modal tax.
So now we either show this better or we show the order summary.
So let's save this and let's make sure that we now which does loading state which we're checking here.
We of course want to switch it here when we actually are continuing with the purchase.
There right at the start.
I want to call this set state and said loading to true of course because now we are loading the request
is about to get sent once the response is there though.
Here where I log it I no longer want to log it but I want to stop loading and I want to stop loading
no matter what the response is because the request is done even if it failed.
So here I will now call this set state and set the loading to false again.
Of course so that we go back to the Ivor.
Well paged the state.
I also of course want to said loading two files if we have an error or because even if an error occurred
we want to stop loading We don't want to show the spinner anymore because our.
You would be stuck in this case and the user would think it still.
Well loading.
Of course that I also want to close the motile.
Well that can be done easily because the modem is only shown if the state purchasing property here is
set to true.
So we should simply have to set chasing to false here.
So in both cases I will also set for chasing to false so that we close the modal.
So if that.
Let's it out.
If we go back to our burger and we create a burger I click order now and continue.
We didn't actually see the spinner did we.
Now this makes sense due to the way we configured our app.
But do you know why we didn't see the spinner can be hard to spot but I'll give you a chance to post
a video and find the issue on your own for I will then show you why it's not working.
Did you find out what's wrong.
Now I can't tell you we are correctly setting loading and so on and order summary all is to spin are
therefore.
But somehow our motile doesn't update and doesn't show this when we said this.
Now there's a good reason for that.
Consider our modal code we use should cavorted up that year and we basically only update decomposed
if the show state changed changes here however the children of the component simply change to prop's
children changed.
We're passing a new child repassing the spinner instead of the order summary.
That doesn't trigger an update here so we simply have to fine tune our should compose and update method
in the modal component.
And we have to check if next prop's children is actually different to this prop's children so that it
does update if it gets new children with that change in place once you saved it if you now go back to
your application and build a burger no you have to watch closely because it's only going to stator for
a fraction of a second but if you click Continue you see that loader and you see that the styling was
a bit broken.
Let's quickly fix this.
We have to go into the spinner and there the background color on that loader before rule should be white.
So f f f the loader off true color should also be white and with dad.
Now if we save this and we create one more burger and order dat.
Now we have a nice looking spinner.
Again we don't see it that long because firebase is that fast.
Feel free to comment it out.
Does post request here to see it a little bit longer.
I'm going to do that.
So now we're not sending a request and we're never changing back from the loading state.
Now you can see the spinner here.
So now we get a spinner in place which we're showing while something is happening.
Nothing's happening know of course because I commented out but now we got this handled.
Now let's also now handle the case dead.
Our HTP request fails because we want to inform the user about such a failure to.